## Introduction of .info.yml file

### A .info.yml file (aka. "info yaml file") is an essential part of a Drupal 8+ module, theme, or install profile to store metadata about the project.

### These .info.yml files are required to:
1. Notify Drupal about the existence of a module, theme, or install profile.
2. Specify if this is a theme, or module.
3. Provide information for the Drupal Web UI administration pages.
4. Provide criteria to control module activation and deactivation and Drupal version compatibility.
1. General administrative purposes in other contexts.

### Q: What are the keys added and there needs?
  mainly keys are categories in two groups
    - required keys 
      name: name of the module
      type: contains type of the file (module/theme)
      core_version_requirement: version of the drupal required for the module

    - optional keys:
      package: package name.
      description: description of the module
*** example ***
``` 
  name: custom module
  description: Creates a page showing "custom module".
  package: Custom Development

  type: module
  core_version_requirement: ^9.4 || ^10

```

### Q: How to list a core module as a dependency?
  core module as a dependency can be listed with dependency key
  ```
  dependencies:
    - drupal:field
    - drupal:image

  ```

### Q: How to list a sub-module as a dependency?
  contrived example: drupal/views-views_ui, where the views project contains a submodule named views_ui.

  * Submodules can have dependencies that the entire project does not have. -> optional dependencies if you are using an optional submodule. Example: the  drupal/cloud pro

  ```
  dependencies:
    - drupal/views-views_ui

  ```

### Q: Point to settings route with configure key
  A custom route to the configuration page of that module.

- Example
```
  configure: mymodule.admin_settings

```